# CHT

Before HQ specifically added a clause to their terms to prevent this CHT was one of the first bots designed to intelligently provide answers to Trivia games. I created this bot with some friends Sayajiaji and Bugsy, and with it I learned a lot about coding in nodeJS. It has a little bit of everything. I'm publishing purely the bot code and not the website at the moment. Note that all bearer tokens and tokens in general are invalid so don't try to steal them. Now that this is bannable ***do not under any circumstances use this for non educational purposes***. I am open sourcing this code so people can learn how bots such as these are made. ***Do not resell this code***. Trivia is washed anyways, don't waste your time trying to sell this. Do not run this bot live. This is just a **proof of concept**. In order to run this you need to change the values in config.json, and change the hardcoded values in index.js (I am not removing them, so that someone without coding experience can't just rip this off and sell it). Note that this is **sphagetti code** and I am fully aware of this. It's what taught me coding in general, so please excuse me for that. I was working on a rewrite and clean up that I may publish soon. **Please pull request any code quality updates instead of telling me how bad the code is** thanks. 

You will need to make your own package.json. The reason behind this is so it takes some work to rip this off and resell it. I know this isn't ideal in open source code, but there's a high possibility a scammer with no code knowledge will take this and resell it to scam people. 
